[Fix] Reorganize Develop Section (#212)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: tutorials/polkadot-sdk/parachains/connect-to-relay-chain/prepare-relay-chain.md

To complete this tutorial, ensure that you have:

- Installed Rust and the Rust toolchain. Refer to the [Installation](/develop/parachains/get-started/install-polkadot-sdk){target=\_blank} guide for step-by-step instructions on setting up your development environment

> - Completed [Build a Local Blockchain](/tutorials/blockchains/custom-blockchains/build-a-blockchain/build-a-local-blockchain){target=\_blank} tutorial and know how to compile and run a Polkadot SDK-based node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Completed [Launch a Local Solochain](/tutorials/polkadot-sdk/parachains/local-chain/launch-a-local-solochain/){target=\_blank} tutorial and know how to compile and run a Polkadot SDK-based node
```
